readme.md, before:

Freeboard Handlebars Widget Plugin
===================================

This is a widget plugin for [Freeboard](http://freeboard.io) (open source web ui dashboard) that allows dashboard widget authoring using [Handlebars](http://handlebarsjs.com) templates.  It is very similar to the built-in HTML widget, but supports a better model/view separation so that Freeboard datasources or other JavaScript data can be bound to a specified view.

Also, see the [freeboard-handlebars-widget](https://github.com/jritsema/freeboard-handlebars-widget) starter template which allows you to develop handlebars widgets using files on your file system as an alternative to using the freeboard widget editor (below).

![Screenshot](handlebars.PNG)


### Basic Example

##### View

```
<h1>{{ title }}</h1>
<div>{{ body }}</div>
```

##### Model

`return { title: 'My New Post', body: 'This is my first post!' };`


### Datasource Example

Assuming you have an Open Weather Map API datasource setup named 'Weather'

##### View

```
<span>{{ conditions }}</span>
```

##### Model

`datasources["Weather"]`



### Helpers Example

##### Helpers

```
return {
  fullName: function (person) {
    return person.firstName + ' ' + person.lastName;
  }
};
```

##### View

```
<span>{{fullName person}}</span>
```

##### Model

```
{ person: { firstName: 'John', lastName: 'Doe' } }
```

Commit message:

added installation instructions
Signed-off-by: John Ritsema <john_ritsema@yahoo.com>

readme.md, after:

Freeboard Handlebars Widget Plugin
===================================

This is a widget plugin for [Freeboard](http://freeboard.io) (open source web ui dashboard) that allows dashboard widget authoring using [Handlebars](http://handlebarsjs.com) templates.  It is very similar to the built-in HTML widget, but supports a better model/view separation so that Freeboard datasources or other JavaScript data can be bound to a specified view.

Also, see the [freeboard-handlebars-widget](https://github.com/jritsema/freeboard-handlebars-widget) starter template which allows you to develop handlebars widgets using files on your file system as an alternative to using the freeboard widget editor (below).

![Screenshot](handlebars.PNG)

### Installation

Copy the plugin (index.js in this repo) to your freeboard installation, for example:

```
$ cp ./index.js /freeboard/plugins/handlebars
```

edit the [freeboard index.html file](https://github.com/Freeboard/freeboard/blob/master/index.html#L14) and add a link to the plugin near the end of the head.js script loader, like:

```
head.js(
  'js/freeboard_plugins.min.js',
  'plugins/handlebars/index.js',
  $(function() {
    //DOM Ready
    freeboard.initialize(true);
  })
```

### Basic Example

##### View

```
<h1>{{ title }}</h1>
<div>{{ body }}</div>
```

##### Model

`return { title: 'My New Post', body: 'This is my first post!' };`


### Datasource Example

Assuming you have an Open Weather Map API datasource setup named 'Weather'

##### View

```
<span>{{ conditions }}</span>
```

##### Model

`datasources["Weather"]`



### Helpers Example

##### Helpers

```
return {
  fullName: function (person) {
    return person.firstName + ' ' + person.lastName;
  }
};
```

##### View

```
<span>{{fullName person}}</span>
```

##### Model

```
{ person: { firstName: 'John', lastName: 'Doe' } }
```
